#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.0.9
    # via kombu
anyascii==0.2.0
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   djoser
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   wagtail
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.16.63
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.19.63
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via premailer
celery==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
celery-redbeat==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   user-util
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djoser
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via premailer
decorator==5.0.9
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via jwcrypto
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-filter
    #   django-fsm-admin
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-redis
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-server-status
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-user-agents
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   mitol-django-openedx
    #   mitol-django-payment-gateway
    #   wagtail
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-mail
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-fsm==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-fsm-admin
django-fsm-admin==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==2.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==5.2
    # via wagtail
django-oauth-toolkit==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-robots==4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-server-status==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.5.1
    # via wagtail
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via djoser
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via wagtail
django-user-agents==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-webpack-loader==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-common
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-extensions
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.7.1
    # via djoser
djoser==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
edx-api-client==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via mitol-django-openedx
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via mitol-django-common
faker==8.8.2
    # via factory-boy
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   wagtail
idna==2.10
    # via requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipython==7.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jwcrypto==1.0
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.2.3
    # via celery
l18n==2020.6.1
    # via wagtail
lxml==4.6.5
    # via premailer
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
mitol-django-authentication==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mitol-django-common==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   mitol-django-payment-gateway
mitol-django-mail==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
mitol-django-openedx==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mitol-django-payment-gateway==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
newrelic==6.4.1.158
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via tablib
packaging==20.9
    # via pytest
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pbr==5.8.0
    # via stevedore
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via wagtail
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
premailer==3.9.0
    # via mitol-django-mail
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycountry==19.7.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.9.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==4.0.1
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pyopenssl==17.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.1.2
    # via mitol-django-common
python-dateutil==2.5.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   edx-api-client
    #   faker
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   l18n
    #   mitol-django-common
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   django-redis
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-api-client
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   premailer
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
s3transfer==0.3.7
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-compat
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   tenacity
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
    #   mitol-django-authentication
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.0.0
    # via wagtail
telepath==0.2
    # via wagtail
tenacity==7.0.0
    # via celery-redbeat
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
toolz==0.11.1
    # via mitol-django-mail
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via user-agents
ulid-py==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via django-user-agents
user-util==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wagtail==2.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
willow==1.4
    # via wagtail
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==1.4.4
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
